I said I want my steak rare my boss said
she'd fire me I didn't get there I
thought we agreed you weren't gonna cook
for me anymore my god this is so what
are you doing bring your recipe right
don't be ridiculous
say bye to your okay fine Kate
[Music]
[Applause]
I have no idea what to do with a kid
especially one who's lost her mother I
want you to take a week off there has to
be someone better sitter to this I'm
Shirley I don't need oh I see you've
brought something to read - Zoe rapidly
mutating deadly viruses I can't get Zoe
to eat anything I make what up it's you
what that fish sticks kids love them I
can't believe I'm paying for these
suggestions will you please tell me the
secret of your saffron sauce who do you
think you are
Nicholas Palmer you bring us to do chef
from an Italian West LOC said he wanted
to work with you you don't plan you take
care of those dishes and I'll take care
of these you have Speer than mine
[Music]
why are you so mad at me I'm not mad at
you I'm very mad
this is my kitchen and I'm not gonna let
you take it away from me this is who I
am so I said it's okay to let people in
sometimes
I know I'm doing everything wrong okay
he's not doing everything wrong
aren't you cold he's late
I wish there was a cookbook for life you
know better than anyone
it's the recipes you create yourselves
that are the best
you're leaning on my scarf
[Music]
you